the beautiful game it used to be all
ours Earth's favorite game
we don't know why this alien race has
challenged us but we do know that they
have every intention of destroying earth
that is if we lose
our only chance lies with the Galaxy 11
and I say for the good of us all
football must save the planet it's time
and here we go ladies and gentlemen
the months of training are behind them
and the challenge for earth begins now
what a strange bitch we have here the
curved walls keeping the ball in play
all the time should actually suit our
attacking team rather nicely
they have been haptic from the world's
most famous clubs but this is the first
time any of these footballers have
actually played together maybe Beckham
and knew what he was doing by selecting
all of these strikers look at the size
of the Huracan team goodness me it's no
wonder they're undefeated
well that looks as though the Galaxy 11
will kick off or a bit of early
intimidation on Messi here from Lenox
who I have to say is absolutely massive
but just hope they don't have the
quickness to match their size just how
are we going to defend against these
beasts when we have no true defensive
glares certainly not a good time for a
tactical gap for a long time
arch-rivals now key teammates Messi and
Ronaldo ready to get us underway and the
stakes could not be higher
the battle for Earth's survival is well
and truly over quite a battle it's going
to be that was Lennox on Messi
astonishing reached by rip zephyr the
interception Oktay tastic Emma off the
curd or it's gone into the center is
Lennox amazing
Horicon they do look to wildered to
galaxy 11 disorganized as well
Beckenbauer the lads need to pull
themselves together and quick the fate
of all humanity hangs in the balance
eleven different styles and
personalities well they'll have to unite
and try to play as one the game
restarted by the galaxy 11 and Mario
götze has certainly worked out the
conditions here using the curved wall
super bleak and it's a terrific turn
from the German as well he's looked to
spring it to granado's taking that down
right past if he takes it down with no
class by chukka who's going to get a
yellow card from the alien referee
this is perfectly set up for Cristiano
Ronaldo
his team needed is a pre-k and the save
I have to say is even better
Renaldo can't believe it he's devastated
the throw from our couch out to the
Sabres terrific to to look tick he's got
kicked off wives crimson is making his
way into the middle something special
here each other is a second guard for
the her occur and the galaxy 11 network
problems
so to nail down the galaxy 11 really
need to make something happen ensued
here's a man who can make it happen
little messy defending his
characteristically brilliant style
he's still going better he's drawn the
goalkeeper at bay tiptoe
and he stood and father let's go from
the messy album is just brilliant in the
nick of time to world and the galaxy
back in this one terrific contribution
for the captain that Lennox is furious
they've never conceded a goal until now
her account set the ball rolling again
there he annoyed with the situation here
having conceded which we've closed their
will on the galaxy 11 again Lee
chung-yong that was a terrific challenge
the ball brought to Oscar was in a
crossing position here he's got Betsy in
the middle he's got Ronaldo in the
middle and they've got in each other's
way and ruin the moment
it's a simple save for a catch can show
again this astonishing blend of
technique
Tower
Victor Moses coming in there can't stop
them this attack has got a real hint of
menace about it it's a great tractor
galaxy 11 it could be three one it is
three one but four galaxy eleven and the
fate of planet Earth it is very bad news
there is the heart time whistle and for
the Galaxy 11 it has to come soon enough
so if we'd back about a messy big task
to get these guys playing like a team
we'll save the planet